1. to expose traefik dashboard run
    $ kubectl port-forward -n traefik $(kubectl get pods -n traefik --selector "app.kubernetes.io/name=traefik" --output=name) 9000:9000
in local machine (windows)

2. INSTALL CERT MANAGER
    - helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
    - helm repo update
    * - kubectl apply -f https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.6.1/cert-manager.crds.yaml
    - helm install cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --namespace cert-manager --create-namespace --version v1.6.1 --set installCRDs=true
    - use this a --set flag if u are not using * above, helm will manage CRDs if its true

3. Create UR own CA (root) to sign all certs
    31. create a CA key to sign SSL certs 
        $ openssl genrsa -out myCA.key -des3 2048
    32. this will ask for password remember it
    33. create CA cert from CA key
        $ openssl req -x509 -sha256 -new -nodes -days 3650 -key myCA.key -out myCA.pem
    34. decrypt the root CA key to be used by cert-manager
        $ openssl rsa -in myCA.key -out myCA.decrypted.key
    35. export myCA.pem file and import it into browser so that locally ur browser trusts all cert generated by     cert-manager

4. at this pt u should have configured traefik with metalLB but not with pebble
    41. traefik.yaml file is provided, apply it with helm --values attribute
    42. if u want to configure it with pebble not with CERT-MANAGER then uncomment lines i've marked it with raghav tag
    43. - addtionalArguments
        - env: LEGO_CA_Certs
        - and configmap ---> uncomment all

5. Now deploy normal nginx (nginx deployment included)
    $ kubectl apply -f nginx-d.yaml -n mydev 
    51. and expose it on port 80 as service not as loadbalancer
    $ kubectl expose deploy nginx-deploy-main --port 80 -n mydev

6. Install root cert and start creating certs for indivudual domain (at this pt ur browser should have trusted the root CA)
    - generated root cert is in myCA folder convert the pem file and decrypted key into base64 format
    - $ cat myCA.pem | base64 -w0
    - $ cat myCA.decrypted.key | base64 -w0
    - next create a secret from the base64 output (included) and apply it in default namespace
    - next create a Clusterissuer object to create and sign cert (included)

7. Create a certificate using cert-for-nginx.yaml with specified hostname (also put it in hostfile)

8. atlast create a ingress route with that certificate name as secretname in tls section